---AQUAPONICS---

BACKGROUND:     Aquaponics is a combination of aquaculture and hydroponics, which is able to grow both fish and plants.
PROBLEM:        The Science Faculty need you to create a practical solution to a problem in Biology. For some 
                time now, a Biology teacher has been trying to get an aquaponics system functioning properly, 
                but they are experiencing problems maintaining the balance of pH, ammonia, nitrates and nitrites. 
                The teacher needs a monitoring system that will alert them to variations in the concentrations of
                any of the variables listed above. They also require a temperature indicator. 

---PLANNING---

1.  Search for fish and plants typically grown in aquaponics in Darwin
2.  Search water quality parameters and how they affect fish and plants
3.  Search one fish for the suitable water parameters and note them
4.  Create a flowchart of how the program should work
4.  Create a web UI with functionable button
5.   

---WATER QUALITY PARAMETERS---

    TEMPERATURE:        
        Description:    Temperature is vital for bacteria and nutrient breakdown and uptake by plants and fish. 
                        Many factors can affect temperature such as climate, materials, and systems. Generally, 
                        the water temperature should ranger between 20°C - 30°C, however this differs between
                        fish, plants, and bacteria. 
        Effect:         High temperatures can affect a plant's dissolved oxygen, cause wilting, and death. Cold
                        will affect growth. Fish cannot regulate body temperatures, so knowing the category of
                        fish is vital (cold, cool, and warm water fish). Optimal temperatures help with health
                        growth, reduce stress and diseases, and feeding. High temperatures affect metabolism and
                        oxygen requirements.
    pH:
        Description:    pH measures the acidity or alkalinity of the water. It can affect the solubilty and uptake
                        of nutrients, microbial activity, and system stability. Factors affect pH include fish waste,
                        plant uptake, carbon dioxide levels, and water quality. Generally, the pH should be around 
                        6.8 to 7.2.
        Effect:         Poor pH can result in stunted plant growths and poor yields, nutrient deficiency, toxicity,
                        increased stress and diseases. Raising pH can be done with calcium carbonate and potassium 
                        carbonate, water change, or grow media. Lowering pH can be done by cycling the water, or
                        using acids such as phosphoric acid.
    NITRATE:
        Description:    A non-toxic form of nitrogen, which is food for the plants. The nitrogen cycle happens when
                        when ammonia from fish waste is converted to nitrites, and then into nitrates by bacterium.
                        Generally, the nitrate level should be areoun 3 to 150 mg/l or 150 ppm.
        Effect:         It, as well as nitrogen, is necessary for fish and plant growth, and the cycle reduces ammonia
                        in the system. Proper nitrates maximises yield. Increasing nitrate can be done by adding
                        more fish, or bacteria. Reducing can be done by adding plants, removing fish, or changing
                        water.
    NITRITE:
        Description:    Intermittent stage between the conversion between ammonia to nitrate. Nitrification is
                        maximised at atound 25°C to 30°C. This process also reduces pH and uses oxygen. Generally,
                        nitrites should be at 0 ppm.
        Effect:         Nitrite above 0.75 ppm can cause stress, above 5 ppm is toxic to fish. It can kill fish by
                        affecting their oxygen intake, even if the dissolved oxygen is sufficient.
    AMMONIA:
        Description:    Excreted by fish, ammonia is the starter for the nitrogen cycle which helps with the plants
                        at the end. It can also come from fish food. Ammonia and pH levels are usually related; high
                        ammonia means high pH and vice versa. High oxygen levels help remove ammonia.
        Effect:         Ammonia poisoning can cause damage to fish, impair fish growth, reduce resistance to diseases,
                        and death. Removing ammonia can be done through biofilters, reducing nitrogen in the system,
                        or adjusting feedin rates. Not enough ammonia will affect plant growth, which can be fixed by
                        adding more fish.

---PLANTS---

    GENERAL:
        Temperature:    18°C - 30°C
        pH:             6.0 - 7.0
        Nitrate:        5 - 150 ppm
        Nitrite:        0 ppm
        Ammonia:        0 ppm

---FISH---

    GOLDFISH:
        Description:    A freshwater fish, typically kept as an indoor pet. They are hardy and come in a variety of shapes and colours.
        Temperature:    21°C - 24°C
        pH:             7.0 - 7.5
        Nitrate:        < 50 ppm (lower may be better)
        Nitrite:        < 0.2 ppm
        Ammonia:        < 0.02 ppm
    TILAPIA:
        Description:
        Temperature:
        pH:
        Nitrate:
        Nitrite:
        Ammonia:
    BARRAMUNDI:
        Description:    
        Temperature:    28°C - 32°C
                        < 20°C causes increased stress-related deaths and disease outbreaks
                        < 13°C causes death
                        > 35°C causes death
                        27°C - 29°C causes maximum food intake
                        20°C causes minimum food intake
        pH:             6.5 - 7.2
        Nitrate:        
        Nitrite:        
        Ammonia:        

---PSEUDOCODE---

(water-para-button).onclick{
    div(water-para-button).open
}

input = input("Please input the value of your (water para.) (units))
if input < min:
    print("The (water para.) is too low to support the (fish or plant) and will cause death)
elif input 

---SOURCE---

PLANTS/GENERAL:     https://fisheries.tamu.edu/files/2020/10/Water-Quality-In-Aquaponics-Sink-Masabni.pdf
FISH/GOLDFISH:      https://aquapona.co.uk/goldfish-aquaponics/

---ASSESSMENT CRITERIA---

It is important that you understand that for this task you will be individually assessed on 4 assessment design criteria, 
and only one of these is related to the programming component of the task.
You need to provide evidence of your work completed for each of the criteria. 
Throughout the task you should keep in mind that you should also be collecting evidence that can be used for Task 4 Iterative Project Development. 

Some examples of evidence for each criteria are listed below:
    COMPUTATIONAL THINKING:

        CT1	Application of computational thinking concepts and techniques, to identify and deconstruct 	problems of interest
        •	Clearly outline the problem that needs to be solved.
        •	Deconstruct the problem into a number of sequential tasks use tools that show dependencies and flow of sequence between parts
        •	Apply logical thinking to deduce as much information as possible from the initial information. Adjust these steps as new information becomes available.

        CT4	Application of skills and processes to develop solutions to problems of interest
        •	Create an algorithm using pseudocode, including the use of sequence, selection and iteration
        •	Test your algorithm for correctness by “desk checking” appropriate examples
        •	Graphically represent algorithms at a high level of detail using structure charts or flow charts.
        •	A possible user interface(s), showing how the application will look, including examples of various layouts or outputs

    DEVELOPMENT AND EVALUATION:

        DE1	Design and creation of digital solutions or a prototype
        •	A user interface that is intuitive and easy to use, requiring minimal inputs frm the user
        •	Use a software development tool to support code development
        •	Develop code feature by feature.
        •	Keep different versions of your code as each feature is added (this will be important for task 4 too)
        •	Use a range of data structures including numbers, strings, Booleans and arrays, lists and dictionaries
        •	Use a variety of coding constructs – sequence, selection and iteration 
        •	Describe code, including comments to enable others to read and understand your code
        •	Use recommended coding practices such as naming conventions, comments, constants and modularisation. Modularisation can be shown through the use of functions or procedures. 

        DE3	Evaluation of the effectiveness of a digital solution or prototype
        •	Test code for correctness under a wide variety of conditions and how it reacts to unexpected inputs
        •	Describe how the application meets the needs of the client
        •	Identify possible limitations of the code and possible improvements.


